every Apple event is shrouded in secrecy
and the upcoming one is no exception but
as the date nears wacky rumors give way
to sure bets at this point we really
know exactly what they're going to do
we've seen both iphones the 5c and the
5s this is a plastic and the metal
version there been all sorts of leaks
we've seen basically everything but a
fully functional phone also likely an
array of colors for the low-cost iPhone
another rumor that was all but confirmed
by the kaleidoscopic hues of the event
invitations which read this should
brighten everyone's day just as we know
what to expect we know what not to
expect new iPads are definitely coming
probably just not at this event we're
expecting something maybe in october or
early november and that makes a lot of
sense for the christmas and holiday
shopping season don't hold your breath
for a refreshed Apple TV either that may
come next year same goes for an iWatch
despite samsung splashy galaxy gear
debut historically Apple is less focused
on being first and more concerned with
nailing the user experience a lot of
times it'll come in late to a market and
do something that's really kind of
stupendous and better than anything else
they'll come out with a product and keep
iterating and iterating and iterating we
saw with the ipod we saw it with the
iphone we see with the ipad and i do
with Max I mean it's just every single
version gets tighter other rumors are
harder to pin down the fingerprint
sensor is one of the Afiya streamers and
also one of the most back and forth
rumors there is the big expectation for
what a fingerprint scanner will do is to
let you unlock your phone without having
to use a passcode and of course Apple
could have a trick up its sleeve we may
hear those magic words there's just one
more thing i think the biggest surprise
would be if they're cheaper iPhone is
actually free this is something that you
basically have with the iphone 4 right
now but if they introduce a brand new
device that's free that would be a huge
deal for apple and a bigger deal for
apple fans all will be revealed on
Tuesday in San Francisco I'm Sumi das
cnet com for CBS News
you